Hopefully that worked out for each and every one of you, but we're here to go through it together.
So over here you can see for padding, we have to replace it with props.
And then what happens here is we're actually saying, hey, for the padding, get the properties of
the component, the props.
Right.
Every component comes with props normally.
So we're taking those props and every styled component, every styled component.
We haven't looked at this in detail, but every style component basically gets the theme object on their
props.
Just like in restaurant screen.
You could get props from the outside styled view, gets the theme automatically injected into itself.
So if we look at padding, we're saying, hey, for the padding on the props of this styled component
that we're composing, that we're putting together on the props, take the theme, take the space,
take the third element.
I hear you thinking third element.
What do you mean?
Well, this is an array, so if we look at it strictly from an index perspective, if we look at the
indexes, this is the zero index.
This is the first index.
This is the second index and this is the third index.
So we're trying to reference this element right over here now, a mistake that is often made with phrases
that people think that they're not zero index based, so that you would think that this is number one
and this is number two and this is number three, and that this would be number four.
But it's actually does not work that way.
This is the zero index.
This is the first, the second and the third.
And so we're referencing index three because of that.
And right here, you can see that this is 16 pixels.
And this is referencing big primary, and if we go look at our colors, we can see here that big primary
is white, so very useful stuff, very useful.
And the same is true for restaurant screen.
Now it's very easy to see what three would do versus four or five if we take the search container.
And we said here, we'll use four.
You can see it's moving.
And if we said use five, well, now there's a lot of padding around it.
And if we go and inspect that.
Wow, that's quite a bit of padding, isn't it?
And if we put this back to three, you can see, well, now this is way smaller padding all around.
So that is the one we need.
That is the exact padding that we require around our component.
Absolutely amazing.
So with that, we now know how to use the theme and how to reference things on the theme in order to
achieve consistency through the theming.
And now we're in a spot where he we have a whole hour color setup, we have all our speccing set up,
we have our fonts ready to roll.
Well, actually, the fonts still need a little bit of love, but we'll get there now.
Right now, we're in a good spot.
We have our spacing, our colors and all of that good stuff with that said.
Now, we should look at the fonts and what's going on with specifically the fonts, because we're styled
component masters and that is absolutely amazing.